## Project Overview
This project is a JavaFX-based game that involves platform travelling, token collection, character choice and theme switching. The game features various classes that handle different aspects of gameplay, including tokens, themes, characters, hitpoints, game statistics, and game mechanics.

### How To Play
The Player has to click on play to enter the gameplay page. They would have to keep pressing the spacebar to extend a stick and release it to stop the extension. The goal is to extend the stick to such an extent such that on rotation, it helps the player travel across the platforms. The player can also press the spacebar between the travel to invert the character and collect tokens. If the stick lands directly in the middle of a platform, it grants an extra point. Once the player dies, they may see an option to revive the character and continue the game using the hearts they collected depending on the total number of hearts they have. The user can also choose various themes and character skins from the menu page.

###Main Classes Used###
## Token Class: The Token class represents tokens in the game and has methods for generating, removing, and handling tokens. Tokens are used to revive the character given that sufficient tokens are present.

## Themes Controller: The ThemesController class handles the switching of themes in the game.

## Character Controller: The CharacterController class handles the choosing of characters in the game.

##SceneController: This is the parent controller class of all the controllers and helps switch from one page to another. The concept of inheritance is used here.

## HitPoint Class: The HitPoint class represents the middle point of the platform where the player gets extra points.

## Game Statistics: The GameStatistics class handles game statistics such as scores, tokens, and revivals. It makes use of serialization to save statistics.

## Game Mechanics: The GameMechanics class handles various game mechanics, including scene transitions, collision detection, and player actions.

## Player class represents the game player in the platform-travelling game. It contains methods and threads for player movements, animations, falling and invert action as well as interactions with tokens. 

## Platform Class: The Platform class represents the platforms in the game. It utilizes the Flyweight design pattern for efficient platform object creation. They are generated by random widths and distances

## Stick Class: The Stick class represents the stick used by the player to travel between platforms. Stick object extends when spacebar is held and rotates when it is released. Collision is checked using length of generated stick.

### Contributors
1. Mehul Pahuja
2. Aditya Aggarwal

### GitHub Link:
https://github.com/mehulhere/FirstGame

